burger king is the world's second
largest fast-food hamburger chain
talking about its key deliverables for
technology rush said that the
availability of IT people who can
understand and deliver on business needs
will be key with over 11,000 restaurants
around the world to supply I asked him
how is ensuring these new skill sets
I've started for the last three years
and this is a long-term commitment
started a training program where a hire
local people the method to the madness
is that statistically it's been proven
that people generally will relocate to
where they are from over a period of
time they spend 36 months assignments in
different departments with NIT in the
fourth assignment it's actually the
third one in the sequence is outside of
IT is a way to really engage in a
dialogue and add value where we take it
up a notch we raise it to a higher level
in terms of our ability to deliver back
to the business the final solution that
solution many a times is done by a group
that's outsourced its off-the-shelf
product that will plug in configure and
turn on and I believe that truly where I
t can add more value over a long period
of time which we might in a way then
almost a division of IT there are the
developers and people who do the the
outsourced products but within burger
king in-house you want to keep that
people offer perhaps a diverse to town
and a more creative approach technology
correct correct really what we've done
I've been at Burger King just a little
less than five years now the bulk of the
development has been outsourced so the
team there is really not focused on
heads down coding or maintenance we're
really turning our attention to becoming
good analyst good project managers how
do you prevent outsourcing from being
presented internally I think very much
as a simple cost and headcount reduction
exercise there are many benefits so
outsourcing one of those is cost
reduction however people argue and I
think with some validity that is not the
biggest benefit really the value for me
and I think for a lot of us in this
field
is to take what is outsourcing and dust
a little bit more of a commodity
software development and software
maintenance and you take the same people
that you have who have probably a very
good knowledge of the business the data
flows some of the relationships with the
functional users to have them become the
analyst and have them become the
relationship managers and I think that
role makes it exciting for the
individual to be able to be much more
engaged at the front line with the
business
for more fantastic interviews directly
related to your business be sure to
explore meet the boss TV